Describe interop 2023 in more detail (#267)
web-platform-tests/interop: 2023/README.md

Interop 2023 is tightly focused on technology that is already specified in web standards.

## Dashboard
Our dashboard lives at [wpt.fyi/interop-2023](https://wpt.fyi/interop-2023). It computes an interop score as the percentage of tests in WPT that pass in all three browser engines.

## Focus Areas

The folloing features were selected for Interop 2023. Descriptions are taken from issue proposal submissions and MDN documentation.

### Border Image in CSS

Authors can specify an image to be used in place of the border-style. In this case, the border’s design is taken from the sides and corners of an image specified ([CSS `border-image`](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/interop/issues/146)).

> [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-image](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-image)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-image)
```

> [https://w3c.github.io/csswg-drafts/css-backgrounds/#the-border-image](https://w3c.github.io/csswg-drafts/css-backgrounds/#the-border-image)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Spec](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-backgrounds-3/#the-border-image)
```

> [https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-cssborderimage](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-cssborderimage)

Reviewer: Linking directly to the directory where the tests are: (this isn't possible in all cases, but usually)

```suggestion
[Tests](https://wpt.fyi/results/css/css-backgrounds?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-cssborderimage)
```

### Color Spaces and Functions in CSS

> [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value)
```

> [https://w3c.github.io/csswg-drafts/css-color/#color-syntax](https://w3c.github.io/csswg-drafts/css-color/#color-syntax)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Spec](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-color-4/)
```

> [https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-color](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-color)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tests](https://wpt.fyi/results/css?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2022-color%20or%20label%3Ainterop-2023-color)
```

### Container Queries in CSS

CSS containment provides a way to isolate parts of a page and declare to the browser these parts are independent from the rest of the page in terms of styles and layout. ([Container Queries](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/interop/issues/133)).

> [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Container_Queries](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Container_Queries)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Container_Queries)
```

> [https://www.w3.org/TR/css-contain-3/#container-queries](https://www.w3.org/TR/css-contain-3/#container-queries)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Spec](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-contain-3/#container-queries)
```

> [https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-container](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-container)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tests](https://wpt.fyi/results/css/css-contain/container-queries?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-container)
```

### CSS Pseudo-classes

A CSS pseudo-class is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element(s). For example, the pseudo-class :hover can be used to select a button when a user's pointer hovers over the button and this selected button can then be styled.

[https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Pseudo-classes)

[https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/semantics-other.html#pseudo-classes](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/semantics-other.html#pseudo-classes)

[https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-pseudos](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-pseudos)

### Custom Properties in CSS

> The @property CSS at-rule is part of the CSS Houdini umbrella of APIs, it allows developers to explicitly define their css custom properties, allowing for property type checking, setting default values, and define whether a property can inherit values or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@property` CSS at-rule is part of the CSS Houdini umbrella of APIs, it allows developers to explicitly define their css custom properties, allowing for property type checking, setting default values, and define whether a property can inherit values or not.
```

[https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@property](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@property)

> [https://drafts.css-houdini.org/css-properties-values-api/](https://drafts.css-houdini.org/css-properties-values-api/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Spec](https://drafts.css-houdini.org/css-properties-values-api/)
```

> [https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-property](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-property)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tests](https://wpt.fyi/results/css/css-properties-values-api?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-property)
```

### Flexbox

Flexbox is a one-dimensional layout method for arranging items in rows or columns. Items flex (expand) to fill additional space or shrink to fit into smaller spaces. This article explains all the fundamentals.

[https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Learn/CSS/CSS_layout/Flexbox](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Learn/CSS/CSS_layout/Flexbox)

> [https://drafts.csswg.org/css-flexbox/](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-flexbox/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Spec](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-flexbox/)
```

> [https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-flexbox](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-flexbox)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tests](https://wpt.fyi/results/css/css-flexbox?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2021-flexbox%20or%20label%3Ainterop-2023-flexbox)
```

> ### Fonts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Font Feature Detection and Palettes
```

Enable testing for font stack capabilities and enable additional expressiveness with vector color fonts. ([Font feature detection and palettes](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/interop/issues/164))

> [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-palette](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-palette)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-palette)
```

> [https://w3c.github.io/csswg-drafts/css-fonts/#font-palette-prop](https://w3c.github.io/csswg-drafts/css-fonts/#font-palette-prop)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Spec](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-fonts-4/#font-palette-prop)
```

> [https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-fonts](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-fonts)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tests](https://wpt.fyi/results/css?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-fonts)
```

### Forms

The &lt;form> HTML element represents a document section containing interactive controls for submitting information.

> [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/form](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/form)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/form)
```

> [https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/forms.html#the-form-element](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/forms.html#the-form-element)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Spec](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/forms.html#the-form-element)
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tests](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2022-forms%20or%20label%3Ainterop-2023-forms)
```

### Grid

CSS Grid Layout excels at dividing a page into major regions or defining the relationship in terms of size, position, and layer, between parts of a control built from HTML primitives.

> [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Grid_Layout](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Grid_Layout)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Grid_Layout)
```

> [https://drafts.csswg.org/css-grid/](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-grid/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Spec](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-grid-2/)
```

> [https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-grid](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-grid)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tests](https://wpt.fyi/results/css/css-grid?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2021-grid%20or%20label%3Ainterop-2023-grid)
```

### :has()

> With a :host() selector referencing the root of an element with a shadow root, it holds that :host(:has(...) should reference light DOM children of that root. Some browsers acknowledge this truth (Safari), others don't (Chrome), others have yet to ship :has() support (Firefox).

Reviewer: Oops, this is describing another proposal. Replacing by TODO so this doesn't accidentally make it in:

```suggestion
TODO
```

> [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:has](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:has)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:has)
```

> [https://w3c.github.io/csswg-drafts/selectors/#relational](https://w3c.github.io/csswg-drafts/selectors/#relational)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Spec](https://drafts.csswg.org/selectors-4/)
```

> [https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-has](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-has)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Spec](https://wpt.fyi/results/css/selectors?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-has)
```

### Inert

> The HTMLElement property inert reflects the value of the element's inert attribute. It is a boolean value that, when present, makes the browser "ignore" user input events for the element, including focus events and events from assistive technologies. The browser may also ignore page search and text selection in the element. This can be useful when building UIs such as modals where you would want to "trap" the focus inside the modal when it's visible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `inert` attribute on HTML elements makes the browser "ignore" user input events for the element, including focus events and events from assistive technologies. The browser may also ignore page search and text selection in the element. This can be useful when building UIs such as modals where you would want to "trap" the focus inside the modal when it's visible.
```

> [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/inert](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement/inert)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/inert)
```

> [https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/interaction.html#the-inert-attribute](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/interaction.html#the-inert-attribute)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Spec](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/interaction.html#the-inert-attribute)
```

> [https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-inert](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-inert)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tests](https://wpt.fyi/results/inert?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-inert)
```

### Masking in CSS

> CSS Masking is a CSS module that defines means, including masking and clipping, for partially or fully hiding portions of visual elements.

Reviewer: With "math" being on the screen close by, I took "mean" to mean the mathematical concept at first. Simpler language:

```suggestion
CSS Masking allows for partially or fully hiding portions of visual elements, using masking and clipping.
```

> [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Masking](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Masking)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Masking)
```

> [https://drafts.fxtf.org/css-masking/#the-mask](https://drafts.fxtf.org/css-masking/#the-mask)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Spec](https://drafts.fxtf.org/css-masking/#the-mask)
```

> [https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-cssmasking](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-cssmasking)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tests](https://wpt.fyi/results/css/css-masking?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-cssmasking)
```

### Math Functions in CSS

The math functions allow CSS numeric values to be written as mathematical expressions.

> [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Functions#math_functions](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Functions#math_functions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Functions#math_functions)
```

> [https://w3c.github.io/csswg-drafts/css-values-4/#math](https://w3c.github.io/csswg-drafts/css-values-4/#math)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Spec](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-values-4/#math)
```

> [https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-mathfunctions](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-mathfunctions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tests](https://wpt.fyi/results/css/css-values?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-mathfunctions)
```

### Media Queries 4

Media queries allow you to apply CSS styles depending on a device's general type (such as print vs. screen) or other characteristics such as screen resolution or browser viewport width. Media queries are used for the following:

> [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Media_Queries/Using_media_queries](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Media_Queries/Using_media_queries)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Media_Queries/Using_media_queries)
```

> [https://www.w3.org/TR/mediaqueries-4/](https://www.w3.org/TR/mediaqueries-4/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Spec](https://drafts.csswg.org/mediaqueries-4/)
```

> [https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-mediaqueries](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-mediaqueries)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tests](https://wpt.fyi/results/css/mediaqueries?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-mediaqueries)
```

### Modules in Web Workers

Add support for ES Modules in Web Worker contexts.

> [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API/Using_web_workers](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API/Using_web_workers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API/Using_web_workers)
```

> [https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/workers.html#module-worker-example](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/workers.html#module-worker-example)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Spec](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/workers.html#module-worker-example)
```

> [https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-modules](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-modules)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tests](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-modules)
```

### Motion Path in CSS Animations

Motion Path is a CSS module that allows authors to animate any graphical object along a custom path. CSS Motion Path is now supported in all three engines. But there are remaining test failures. This focus area is to make sure we reach a higher bar of interoperability, and make it more possible for developers to use Motion Path without problems.

> [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Motion_Path](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Motion_Path)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Motion_Path)
```

> [https://drafts.fxtf.org/motion-1/](https://drafts.fxtf.org/motion-1/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Spec](https://drafts.fxtf.org/motion-1/)
```

> [https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-motion](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-motion)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tests](https://wpt.fyi/results/css/motion?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-motion)
```

### Offscreen Canvas

> The OffscreenCanvas interface provides a canvas that can be rendered off screen, decoupling the DOM and the Canvas API so that the &lt;canvas> element is no longer entirely dependent on the DOM. Rendering operations can also be run inside a worker context, allowing you to run some tasks in a separate thread and avoid heavy work on the main thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Offscreen Canvas provides a canvas that can be rendered off screen, decoupling the DOM and the Canvas API so that the &lt;canvas> element is no longer entirely dependent on the DOM. Rendering operations can also be run inside a worker context, allowing you to run some tasks in a separate thread and avoid heavy work on the main thread.
```

> [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/OffscreenCanvas](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/OffscreenCanvas)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/OffscreenCanvas)
```

> [https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/canvas.html#the-offscreencanvas-interface](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/canvas.html#the-offscreencanvas-interface)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Spec](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/canvas.html#the-offscreencanvas-interface)
```

> [https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-offscreencanvas](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-offscreencanvas)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tests](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-offscreencanvas)
```

> ### Pointer & Mouse Events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Pointer and Mouse Events
```

I've sent https://github.com/web-platform-tests/wpt.fyi/pull/3120 too.

Pointer events are DOM events that are fired for a pointing device. They are designed to create a single DOM event model to handle pointing input devices such as a mouse, pen/stylus or touch (such as one or more fingers). This focus area covers the behavior of pointer and mouse interaction with pages, including how they interact with hit testing and scrolling areas. We have decided to explicitly exclude touch and stylus due to lack of WPT testing support across all browsers.

> [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Pointer_events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Pointer_events)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Pointer_events)
```

> [https://w3c.github.io/pointerevents/](https://w3c.github.io/pointerevents/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Spec](https://w3c.github.io/pointerevents/)
```

> [https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-events](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-events)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tests](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-events)
```

### URL

The URL interface is used to parse, construct, normalize, and encode URLs. It works by providing properties which allow you to easily read and modify the components of a URL. This focus area is to get all browsers to agree on an implementation of URLs as defined in the URL Standard.

> [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/URL](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/URL)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/URL)
```

> [https://url.spec.whatwg.org](https://url.spec.whatwg.org)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Spec](https://url.spec.whatwg.org/)
```

> [https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-url](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-url)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tests](https://wpt.fyi/results/url?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-url)
```

### Web Compat 2023

> A catchall focus area for small bugs that cause known site compatibility issues, or documented problems for authors creating libraries or sites, but which are not part of a larger feature that's appropriate for its own focus area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A focus area for bugs that cause known site compatibility issues, or documented problems for authors creating libraries or sites, but which are not part of a larger feature that's appropriate for its own focus area.
```

> [https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-webcompat](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-webcompat)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tests](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-webcompat)
```

### Web Codecs (video)

> The WebCodecs API gives web developers low-level access to the individual frames of a video stream and chunks of audio. It is useful for web applications that require full control over the way media is processed. For example, video or audio editors, and video conferencing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Web Codecs API gives web developers low-level access to the individual frames of a video stream and chunks of audio. It is useful for web applications that require full control over the way media is processed. For example, video or audio editors, and video conferencing.
```

> [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebCodecs_API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebCodecs_API)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebCodecs_API)
```

> [https://www.w3.org/TR/webcodecs/](https://www.w3.org/TR/webcodecs/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Spec](https://w3c.github.io/webcodecs/)
```

> [https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-webcodecs](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-webcodecs)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tests](https://wpt.fyi/results/webcodecs?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-webcodecs)
```

### Web Components

Web Components is a suite of different technologies allowing you to create reusable custom elements — with their functionality encapsulated away from the rest of your code — and utilize them in your web apps.

> [https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components)
```

> [https://www.w3.org/wiki/WebComponents](https://www.w3.org/wiki/WebComponents)

Reviewer: That page doesn't exist:

```suggestion

```

> [https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-webcomponents](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-webcomponents)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tests](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-webcomponents)
```

# Interop 2023

Interop 2023 is an effort to increase interoperability across browsers in key technical areas that are of high priority to web developers and end users. This effort is part of the [web-platform-tests](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/wpt) (WPT) project — an automated test suite for web standards — and run by a team of representatives from companies that make substantial contributions to browser rendering engines (including Apple, Bocoup, Google, Igalia, Microsoft, and Mozilla).

> The process we went through to arrive at our priority list for Interop 2023 is available in the [planning process](planning-process.md) document.

Reviewer: When https://github.com/web-platform-tests/interop/pull/268 is merged this will be a better summary:

```suggestion
The process we went through to arrive at our priority list for Interop 2023 is available in the [proposal selection summary](./proposal-selection.md).
```

## Focus Areas

The folloing features were selected for Interop 2023. Descriptions are taken from issue proposal submissions and MDN documentation.

### Border Image in CSS

Authors can specify an image to be used in place of the border-style. In this case, the border’s design is taken from the sides and corners of an image specified ([CSS `border-image`](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/interop/issues/146)).

[MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/border-image)

[Spec](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-backgrounds-3/#the-border-image)

[Tests](https://wpt.fyi/results/css/css-backgrounds?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2023-cssborderimage)

### Color Spaces and Functions in CSS

[MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value)

[Spec](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-color-4/)

[Tests](https://wpt.fyi/results/css?label=experimental&label=master&product=chrome&product=firefox&product=safari&aligned&view=interop&q=label%3Ainterop-2022-color%20or%20label%3Ainterop-2023-color)

### Container Queries in CSS

> CSS containment provides a way to isolate parts of a page and declare to the browser these parts are independent from the rest of the page in terms of styles and layout. ([Container Queries](https://github.com/web-platform-tests/interop/issues/133)).

Reviewer 2: This seems to be more a description of containment than container queries, and we have containment following this.

Reviewer 3: Yes, I think this paragraph is taken from the top of the [CSS Container Queries MDN page](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Container_Queries). Since containment is covered later, it's probably better to use a paragraph later from the MDN page.

Reviewer 3: I submitted an updated text
